c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\bioImagechart.exe.config
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\Main.baml
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\ImageView.baml
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\Main.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\ImageView.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.g.resources
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\bioImagechart.exe
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\bioImagechart.pdb
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.exe
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.pdb
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\ChartView.baml
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\ChartView.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\Abt.Controls.SciChart.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\Abt.Controls.SciChart3D.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\Abt.Controls.SciChart.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\Abt.Controls.SciChart3D.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\FFTView.baml
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\FFTView.g.cs
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.IO.dll
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.pdb
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.IO.pdb
C:\Users\akshay.paul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.IO.xml
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\PhaseView.g.cs
C:\Users\akshay.paul\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\bioImagechart\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\PhaseView.baml
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\bin\Debug\bioImagechart.exe.config
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\ImageView.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\View\Main.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_Content.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\biotex_dev-bioimagechart-a2ecca98b200\bioImagechart\obj\Debug\bioImagechart_MarkupCompile.lref
